README.md, before:

# BitcoinJS (bitcoinjs-lib)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bitcoinjs-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/bitcoinjs-lib)

[![js-standard-style](https://cdn.rawgit.com/feross/standard/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

This is a React Native compatible version of [bitcoinjs-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib), a javascript Bitcoin library for node.js and browsers.

Released under the terms of the [MIT LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Can I trust this code?
> Don't trust. Verify.

You shouldn't trust or rely on this repo for anything other than testing. To setup bitcoinjs-lib (4.0.3) in your RN project, please follow the how-to below:
[RN BitcoinJS-Lib (4.0.3) Setup](https://gist.github.com/coreyphillips/723a718f3630f965a83007a81afe5926)


We recommend every user of this library and the [bitcoinjs](https://github.com/bitcoinjs) ecosystem audit and verify any underlying code for its validity and suitability.

Mistakes and bugs happen, but with your help in resolving and reporting [issues](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/issues), together we can produce open source software that is:

- Easy to audit and verify,
- Tested, with test coverage >95%,
- Advanced and feature rich,
- Standardized, using [standard](https://github.com/standard/standard) and Node `Buffer`'s throughout, and
- Friendly, with a strong and helpful community, ready to answer questions.

## Documentation
Presently,  we do not have any formal documentation other than our [examples](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib#examples), please [ask for help](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/issues/new) if our examples aren't enough to guide you.


## Installation
``` bash
yarn add rn-bitcoinjs-lib
```

## Setup

### React Native
Install the following dependencies:
``` bash
yarn add buffer-reverse react-native-randombytes crypto buffer@5
yarn add --dev rn-nodeify
react-native link react-native-randombytes
```
Add the following to your script in package.json: 

``` javascript
"postinstall": "rn-nodeify --install buffer,stream,assert,events,crypto,vm --hack && cd node_modules/bs58 && yarn add base-x@3.0.4 && cd ../../"
```

Install any remaining dependencies and run postinstall.
 NOTE: (If you receive an error about "shim.js" not existing just run `yarn install` again): 

``` bash
yarn install
```

Add the following to shim.js:
``` javascript
if (typeof Buffer.prototype.reverse === 'undefined') {
  var bufferReverse = require('buffer-reverse');

  Buffer.prototype.reverse = function () {
    return bufferReverse(this);
  };
}
```

Add/Uncomment "require('crypto')" at the bottom of shim.js: 

``` javascript
require('crypto')
```

Finally:

``` bash
yarn install
```

**Usage**
``` javascript
import "./shim";
const bitcoin = require("rn-bitcoinjs-lib");
const keyPair = bitcoin.ECPair.makeRandom();
const { address } = bitcoin.payments.p2pkh({ pubkey: keyPair.publicKey });
console.log(address);
```

Crypto is hard.

When working with private keys, the random number generator is fundamentally one of the most important parts of any software you write.
For random number generation, we *default* to the [`randombytes`](https://github.com/crypto-browserify/randombytes) module, which uses [`window.crypto.getRandomValues`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/window.crypto.getRandomValues) in the browser, or Node js' [`crypto.randomBytes`](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#crypto_crypto_randombytes_size_callback), depending on your build system.
Although this default is ~OK, there is no simple way to detect if the underlying RNG provided is good enough, or if it is **catastrophically bad**.
You should always verify this yourself to your own standards.

This library uses [tiny-secp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/tiny-secp256k1), which uses [RFC6979](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6979) to help prevent `k` re-use and exploitation.
Unfortunately, this isn't a silver bullet.
Often, Javascript itself is working against us by bypassing these counter-measures.

Problems in [`Buffer (UInt8Array)`](https://github.com/feross/buffer), for example, can trivially result in **catastrophic fund loss** without any warning.
It can do this through undermining your random number generation, accidentally producing a [duplicate `k` value](https://www.nilsschneider.net/2013/01/28/recovering-bitcoin-private-keys.html), sending Bitcoin to a malformed output script, or any of a million different ways.
Running tests in your target environment is important and a recommended step to verify continuously.

Finally, **adhere to best practice**.
We are not an authorative source of best practice, but, at the very least:

* [Don't re-use addresses](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Address_reuse).
* Don't share BIP32 extended public keys ('xpubs'). [They are a liability](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/56916/derivation-of-parent-private-key-from-non-hardened-child), and it only takes 1 misplaced private key (or a buggy implementation!) and you are vulnerable to **catastrophic fund loss**.
* [Don't use `Math.random`](https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/181580/why-is-math-random-not-designed-to-be-cryptographically-secure) - in any way - don't.
* Enforce that users always verify (manually) a freshly-decoded human-readable version of their intended transaction before broadcast.
* Don't *ask* users to generate mnemonics, or 'brain wallets',  humans are terrible random number generators.
* Lastly, if you can, use [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) or similar.



### Node.js
Use [bitcoinjs-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib)

### Browser
Use [bitcoinjs-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib)

### Typescript or VSCode users
Type declarations for Typescript [are available](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/0897921174860ec3d5318992d2323b3ae8100a68/types/bitcoinjs-lib) for version `^3.0.0` of the library.

``` bash
npm install @types/bitcoinjs-lib
```

For VSCode (and other editors), it is advised to install the type declarations, as Intellisense uses that information to help you code (autocompletion, static analysis).

**WARNING**: These Typescript definitions are not maintained by the maintainers of this repository, and are instead maintained at [DefinitelyTyped](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped).
Please report any issues or problems there.


### Flow
[Flow-type](https://flowtype.org/) definitions for are available in the [flow-*typed* repository](https://github.com/flowtype/flow-typed/tree/master/definitions/npm/bitcoinjs-lib_v2.x.x) for version `^2.0.0` of the library.

You can [download them directly](https://github.com/flowtype/flow-typed/blob/master/definitions/npm/bitcoinjs-lib_v2.x.x/flow_v0.17.x-/bitcoinjs-lib_v2.x.x.js), or using the flow-typed CLI:

``` bash
npm install -g flow-typed
flow-typed install -f 0.27 bitcoinjs-lib@2.2.0
```

**WARNING**: These flow-typed definitions are not maintained by the maintainers of this repository.


## Examples
The below examples are implemented as integration tests, they should be very easy to understand.
Otherwise, pull requests are appreciated.
Some examples interact (via HTTPS) with a 3rd Party Blockchain Provider (3PBP).

- [Generate a random address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Import an address via WIF](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a 2-of-3 P2SH multisig address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit P2SH address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit 3-of-4 multisig address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit 2-of-2 P2SH multisig address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Support the retrieval of transactions for an address (3rd party blockchain)](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a Testnet address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a Litecoin address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Create a 1-to-1 Transaction](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create a 2-to-2 Transaction](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a typical Transaction](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with an OP\_RETURN output](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a 2-of-4 P2SH(multisig) input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit P2SH(P2WPKH) input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit P2WPKH input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit P2PK input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit 3-of-4 P2SH(P2WSH(multisig)) input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Verify a Transaction signature](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Import a BIP32 testnet xpriv and export to WIF](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Export a BIP32 xpriv, then import it](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Export a BIP32 xpub](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create a BIP32, bitcoin, account 0, external address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create a BIP44, bitcoin, account 0, external address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create a BIP49, bitcoin testnet, account 0, external address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Use BIP39 to generate BIP32 addresses](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice can redeem the output after the expiry (in the past)](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice can redeem the output after the expiry (in the future)](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice and Bob can redeem the output at any time](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)
- [Create (but fail to broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice attempts to redeem before the expiry](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)

If you have a use case that you feel could be listed here, please [ask for it](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/issues/new)!


## Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).


### Running the test suite

``` bash
npm test
npm run-script coverage
```

## Complementing Libraries
- [BIP21](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip21) - A BIP21 compatible URL encoding library
- [BIP38](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip38) - Passphrase-protected private keys
- [BIP39](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip39) - Mnemonic generation for deterministic keys
- [BIP32-Utils](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip32-utils) - A set of utilities for working with BIP32
- [BIP66](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip66) - Strict DER signature decoding
- [BIP68](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip68) - Relative lock-time encoding library
- [BIP69](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip69) - Lexicographical Indexing of Transaction Inputs and Outputs
- [Base58](https://github.com/cryptocoinjs/bs58) - Base58 encoding/decoding
- [Base58 Check](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bs58check) - Base58 check encoding/decoding
- [Bech32](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bech32) - A BIP173 compliant Bech32 encoding library
- [coinselect](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/coinselect) - A fee-optimizing, transaction input selection module for bitcoinjs-lib.
- [merkle-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/merkle-lib) - A performance conscious library for merkle root and tree calculations.
- [minimaldata](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/minimaldata) - A module to check bitcoin policy: SCRIPT_VERIFY_MINIMALDATA


## Alternatives
- [BCoin](https://github.com/indutny/bcoin)
- [Bitcore](https://github.com/bitpay/bitcore)
- [Cryptocoin](https://github.com/cryptocoinjs/cryptocoin)


## LICENSE [MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Added a boilerplate rn-bitcoinjs-lib project for reference to README.md. Bumped version to 4.0.3-1.

README.md, after:

# BitcoinJS (bitcoinjs-lib)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bitcoinjs-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/bitcoinjs-lib)

[![js-standard-style](https://cdn.rawgit.com/feross/standard/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

This is a React Native compatible version of [bitcoinjs-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib), a javascript Bitcoin library for node.js and browsers.

Released under the terms of the [MIT LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Can I trust this code?
> Don't trust. Verify.

You shouldn't trust or rely on this repo for anything other than testing. To setup bitcoinjs-lib (4.0.3) in your RN project, please follow the how-to below:
[RN BitcoinJS-Lib (4.0.3) Setup](https://gist.github.com/coreyphillips/723a718f3630f965a83007a81afe5926)

If you have any difficulty with the setup instructions below and need a repo for reference, feel free to clone, review and experiment with the pre-built RN repo here: [RNBitcoinJS](https://github.com/coreyphillips/RNBitcoinJS)

We recommend every user of this library and the [bitcoinjs](https://github.com/bitcoinjs) ecosystem audit and verify any underlying code for its validity and suitability.

Mistakes and bugs happen, but with your help in resolving and reporting [issues](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/issues), together we can produce open source software that is:

- Easy to audit and verify,
- Tested, with test coverage >95%,
- Advanced and feature rich,
- Standardized, using [standard](https://github.com/standard/standard) and Node `Buffer`'s throughout, and
- Friendly, with a strong and helpful community, ready to answer questions.

## Documentation
Presently,  we do not have any formal documentation other than our [examples](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib#examples), please [ask for help](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/issues/new) if our examples aren't enough to guide you.


## Installation
``` bash
yarn add rn-bitcoinjs-lib
```

## Setup

### React Native
Install the following dependencies:
``` bash
yarn add buffer-reverse react-native-randombytes crypto buffer@5
yarn add --dev rn-nodeify
react-native link react-native-randombytes
```
Add the following to your script in package.json: 

``` javascript
"postinstall": "rn-nodeify --install buffer,stream,assert,events,crypto,vm --hack && cd node_modules/bs58 && yarn add base-x@3.0.4 && cd ../../"
```

Install any remaining dependencies and run postinstall.
 NOTE: (If you receive an error about "shim.js" not existing just run `yarn install` again): 

``` bash
yarn install
```

Add the following to shim.js:
``` javascript
if (typeof Buffer.prototype.reverse === 'undefined') {
  var bufferReverse = require('buffer-reverse');

  Buffer.prototype.reverse = function () {
    return bufferReverse(this);
  };
}
```

Add/Uncomment "require('crypto')" at the bottom of shim.js: 

``` javascript
require('crypto')
```

Finally:

``` bash
yarn install
```

**Usage**
``` javascript
import "./shim";
const bitcoin = require("rn-bitcoinjs-lib");
const keyPair = bitcoin.ECPair.makeRandom();
const { address } = bitcoin.payments.p2pkh({ pubkey: keyPair.publicKey });
console.log(address);
```

Crypto is hard.

When working with private keys, the random number generator is fundamentally one of the most important parts of any software you write.
For random number generation, we *default* to the [`randombytes`](https://github.com/crypto-browserify/randombytes) module, which uses [`window.crypto.getRandomValues`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/window.crypto.getRandomValues) in the browser, or Node js' [`crypto.randomBytes`](https://nodejs.org/api/crypto.html#crypto_crypto_randombytes_size_callback), depending on your build system.
Although this default is ~OK, there is no simple way to detect if the underlying RNG provided is good enough, or if it is **catastrophically bad**.
You should always verify this yourself to your own standards.

This library uses [tiny-secp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/tiny-secp256k1), which uses [RFC6979](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6979) to help prevent `k` re-use and exploitation.
Unfortunately, this isn't a silver bullet.
Often, Javascript itself is working against us by bypassing these counter-measures.

Problems in [`Buffer (UInt8Array)`](https://github.com/feross/buffer), for example, can trivially result in **catastrophic fund loss** without any warning.
It can do this through undermining your random number generation, accidentally producing a [duplicate `k` value](https://www.nilsschneider.net/2013/01/28/recovering-bitcoin-private-keys.html), sending Bitcoin to a malformed output script, or any of a million different ways.
Running tests in your target environment is important and a recommended step to verify continuously.

Finally, **adhere to best practice**.
We are not an authorative source of best practice, but, at the very least:

* [Don't re-use addresses](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Address_reuse).
* Don't share BIP32 extended public keys ('xpubs'). [They are a liability](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/56916/derivation-of-parent-private-key-from-non-hardened-child), and it only takes 1 misplaced private key (or a buggy implementation!) and you are vulnerable to **catastrophic fund loss**.
* [Don't use `Math.random`](https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/181580/why-is-math-random-not-designed-to-be-cryptographically-secure) - in any way - don't.
* Enforce that users always verify (manually) a freshly-decoded human-readable version of their intended transaction before broadcast.
* Don't *ask* users to generate mnemonics, or 'brain wallets',  humans are terrible random number generators.
* Lastly, if you can, use [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) or similar.



### Node.js
Use [bitcoinjs-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib)

### Browser
Use [bitcoinjs-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib)

### Typescript or VSCode users
Type declarations for Typescript [are available](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/0897921174860ec3d5318992d2323b3ae8100a68/types/bitcoinjs-lib) for version `^3.0.0` of the library.

``` bash
npm install @types/bitcoinjs-lib
```

For VSCode (and other editors), it is advised to install the type declarations, as Intellisense uses that information to help you code (autocompletion, static analysis).

**WARNING**: These Typescript definitions are not maintained by the maintainers of this repository, and are instead maintained at [DefinitelyTyped](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped).
Please report any issues or problems there.


### Flow
[Flow-type](https://flowtype.org/) definitions for are available in the [flow-*typed* repository](https://github.com/flowtype/flow-typed/tree/master/definitions/npm/bitcoinjs-lib_v2.x.x) for version `^2.0.0` of the library.

You can [download them directly](https://github.com/flowtype/flow-typed/blob/master/definitions/npm/bitcoinjs-lib_v2.x.x/flow_v0.17.x-/bitcoinjs-lib_v2.x.x.js), or using the flow-typed CLI:

``` bash
npm install -g flow-typed
flow-typed install -f 0.27 bitcoinjs-lib@2.2.0
```

**WARNING**: These flow-typed definitions are not maintained by the maintainers of this repository.


## Examples
The below examples are implemented as integration tests, they should be very easy to understand.
Otherwise, pull requests are appreciated.
Some examples interact (via HTTPS) with a 3rd Party Blockchain Provider (3PBP).

- [Generate a random address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Import an address via WIF](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a 2-of-3 P2SH multisig address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit P2SH address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit 3-of-4 multisig address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a SegWit 2-of-2 P2SH multisig address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Support the retrieval of transactions for an address (3rd party blockchain)](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a Testnet address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Generate a Litecoin address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/addresses.js)
- [Create a 1-to-1 Transaction](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create a 2-to-2 Transaction](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a typical Transaction](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with an OP\_RETURN output](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a 2-of-4 P2SH(multisig) input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit P2SH(P2WPKH) input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit P2WPKH input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit P2PK input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction with a SegWit 3-of-4 P2SH(P2WSH(multisig)) input](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Verify a Transaction signature](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/transactions.js)
- [Import a BIP32 testnet xpriv and export to WIF](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Export a BIP32 xpriv, then import it](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Export a BIP32 xpub](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create a BIP32, bitcoin, account 0, external address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create a BIP44, bitcoin, account 0, external address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create a BIP49, bitcoin testnet, account 0, external address](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Use BIP39 to generate BIP32 addresses](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/bip32.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice can redeem the output after the expiry (in the past)](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice can redeem the output after the expiry (in the future)](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)
- [Create (and broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice and Bob can redeem the output at any time](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)
- [Create (but fail to broadcast via 3PBP) a Transaction where Alice attempts to redeem before the expiry](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/blob/master/test/integration/cltv.js)

If you have a use case that you feel could be listed here, please [ask for it](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bitcoinjs-lib/issues/new)!


## Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).


### Running the test suite

``` bash
npm test
npm run-script coverage
```

## Complementing Libraries
- [BIP21](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip21) - A BIP21 compatible URL encoding library
- [BIP38](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip38) - Passphrase-protected private keys
- [BIP39](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip39) - Mnemonic generation for deterministic keys
- [BIP32-Utils](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip32-utils) - A set of utilities for working with BIP32
- [BIP66](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip66) - Strict DER signature decoding
- [BIP68](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip68) - Relative lock-time encoding library
- [BIP69](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bip69) - Lexicographical Indexing of Transaction Inputs and Outputs
- [Base58](https://github.com/cryptocoinjs/bs58) - Base58 encoding/decoding
- [Base58 Check](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bs58check) - Base58 check encoding/decoding
- [Bech32](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/bech32) - A BIP173 compliant Bech32 encoding library
- [coinselect](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/coinselect) - A fee-optimizing, transaction input selection module for bitcoinjs-lib.
- [merkle-lib](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/merkle-lib) - A performance conscious library for merkle root and tree calculations.
- [minimaldata](https://github.com/bitcoinjs/minimaldata) - A module to check bitcoin policy: SCRIPT_VERIFY_MINIMALDATA


## Alternatives
- [BCoin](https://github.com/indutny/bcoin)
- [Bitcore](https://github.com/bitpay/bitcore)
- [Cryptocoin](https://github.com/cryptocoinjs/cryptocoin)


## LICENSE [MIT](LICENSE)
